1. Start the project the same way you began the webpack tutorial project.
   run npm init
   in your project directory to generate a package.json file.

2. run npm install webpack webpack-cli --save-dev
   to install webpack to the node_modules directory of your project.

Quick tip: the node_modules folder can get really big. It is customary to add a .gitignore file to your project so that you don’t have to sync the contents of node_modules to github. The dependencies that are stored there can be installed from your package.json by running npm install, so you don’t need to sync them.

3. Create a src and dist directory with the following contents:

   an index.js file in src

   an index.html file in dist.
   Go ahead and link the main.js file in a script tag. main.js is the file that will be generated by webpack.

4. create a webpack.config.js file that looks just like our file from the  
   https://webpack.js.org/guides/getting-started/#using-a-configuration.

5. Set up an HTML skeleton inside of dist/index.html.
   Inside the body, add a <header> element that contains a <nav> with buttons (not links!) for different “tabs” (for example buttons for “Home”, “Menu” or “About” etc). Below the <header>, add a single <div id="content">.

6. Inside of src/index.js write a console.log or alert statement and then
   run npx webpack.
   Load up dist/index.html in a browser to make sure everything is working correctly.

Quick tip #2: if you run npx webpack --watch you will not have to rerun webpack every time you make a change.
